everybody we're getting ready to make
some goat cheese so I've got my pot here
I've got my butter muslin cloth my
wooden spoon and my strainer and
everything's all set up here and I'm
going to be using about three of these
two quart bottles of goat's milk apple
cider vinegar Egyptian basil but you can
use whatever basil just to flavor it and
some sea salt don't use this kind of
cheesecloth it's really messy and it'll
get you little pieces of fuzz all over
your soap when you're so your goat
cheese when you're done but it's it
makes it nice for like a decoration or
shut them afterwards if you're going to
give it as a gift use the butter muslin
cloth which you can get at walmart for
about five dollars a yard and that'll
keep your cheese really nice as you're
separating here the way from the Kurds
alright so I'm going to take you guys
step by step through the process so you
can see how it's done it is really
really simple this can be done with
goats milk cows milk store bought milk
you're going to want to get on whole
cow's milk not skim milk or anything
like that and we are going to be using
this is farm fresh goat's milk and this
is raw goat's milk so we will be using
that and then I wanted to touch base to
on a you know people if they've ever had
a bad experience of drinking goat's milk
a lot of it has to do with what the
person is feeding them if they're
feeding them weeds especially like out
here we've got a lot of natural mustard
weed growing they love to eat that the
milk is going to be really strong really
goatee but if they're eating a
high-grade alfalfa for way-hey the grain
lots of vitamins and all kinds of good
stuff the milk is going to taste really
sweet and really good and so that's
going to come across in the cheese too
there's gonna be a huge difference and
the way some people make cheese and what
they're feeding their goats as opposed
to what someone else may be feeding
their goats so I just wanted to UM
to just throw that in there anyways ok
so we're going to be getting started
here and we're making a few more videos
because probably take a while for me to
do all this ok all right bye